docs: auto generate helm docs (#11346)
rook/rook: Documentation/Helm-Charts/ceph-cluster-chart.md

The following tables lists the configurable parameters of the rook-operator chart and their default values.

| Parameter | Description | Default |
|-----------|-------------|---------|

> | `cephBlockPools` | A list of CephBlockPool configurations to deploy | See [CephBlockPool CRD](../CRDs/Block-Storage/ceph-block-pool-crd.md) |

Reviewer: The default column for these should have a reference to the section below, right? Instead of the separate document. The same would apply to the cephFilesystem and cephObjectStores.
```suggestion
| `cephBlockPools` | A list of CephBlockPool configurations to deploy | See [below](#ceph-block-pools) |
```

Author: Yes, but it would just be a little confusing when only vieweing the `values.yaml` page

Author: I found a compromise: I changed the table value to below, but made sure the other link is in the docs.
